1. Article 1
    Topic: About the Events
    Subject: Weekly Jam at our Joint
    Content:
2. Article 2
    Topic: About the restaurant
    Subject: A peek into the past
    Content:
3. Article 3
    Topic: About our Burger
    Subject:
    Content:
        After the maitre’d showed me to my table, I looked over the menu, pretending to deliberate on my dining choices. It’s funny, whenever I go to a fancy burger place, I feel like I have to hem and haw over the menu when all I want is try their fancy take on the great American burger.

        It was actually good that I checked over the menu, because I saw a tasty looking salad on the menu as well as some truffled fries that seemed to be calling my name. The good thing about places with a fancy burger is that they usually have good drinks, so I ordered a spicy bloody mary as I waited for my meal to arrive.

        You can get your Bix Club Bacon Cheeseburger cooked however you like, and since I’m a fan of “medium” for my steaks and burgers, that’s what I went with. I think this was most perfectly cooked medium burger I’ve tried so far. The burger had that nice, freshly formed, not-from-a-patty-stack, shape that I love with just a hint of brown around the medium pink center. They pan seared the burger to give it the outside crust. It took all the will power I could muster to cut into the burger to get the cross section photograph I posted above :)

        I don’t know if they added any extra spice to this burger, but if they didn’t, they sure didn’t have to. Because the burger was so perfectly cooked, I could taste the complexity of the beef blend used to make up the hamburger. I’m not sure if I captured the juices in my photos, but I can assure you this cheesy burger was mouthwateringly good. It was so good that after my meal, I asked the waiter about the beef and he told me that it was a custom blend that Bix sourced locally from 4504 Meats in San Francisco. I didn’t ask about the bacon, but my guess is that it was hickory smoked, because unlike most bacon cheeseburgers where the bacon just adds texture, I could actually taste the distinct bacony flavor on top of the beefiness of the burger. The used a quality poppyseed bun for the burger holder, but since I’m not a big fan of poppyseeds, I can’t give extra points there.

        I got the truffled fries as a side dish and it came out with a trio of dipping sauces including ketchup, a house sauce mixture that had marrow mixed in for flavor and a mayo aioli dip. The fries didn’t need either sauce because not only were they crisp and chewy, the truffle flavor was outstanding its own. The bloody mary was the only shadow in this shining meal. It was small and a little too simple for my tastes…but this is a burger blog and not bloodymarys.me, so that’s probably neither here nor there